Bridge release updates (#6466)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/bridge/configuration_monitoring_bridge_[2,).partial.md

#### Identifying scaled-out endpoints

When heartbeats are being used in a [scaled-out Messaging Bridge that is using competing consumers](/nservicebus/bridge/performance.md#scaling-out-competing-consumers), each bridge transport must be configured with a unique name (see [Configuring transports](#auditing-configuring-transports)). The bridge transport name is used in the heartbeat messages so ServiceControl can track of all instances and identify which instance sent a given heartbeat message.

### Custom Checks

Version 2.2 of the Messaging Bridge adds support for Custom Checks.  The Custom Checks feature enables Messaging Bridge health monitoring by running custom code and reporting status (success or failure) to a ServiceControl instance. See the Custom [Checks plugin documentation](/monitoring/custom-checks/) for more information.  For documentation on how to write custom checks, see the [Writing Custom Checks document](/monitoring/custom-checks/writing-custom-checks.md)

The Custom Checks feature can be enabled per bridge transport by using `ReportCustomChecksTo` as follow:

snippet: configure-custom-checks

> NOTE: Each custom check is executed once and the result is sent to each bridge transport that is configured to report custom checks. When configured to [Bridge platform queues](#bridging-platform-queues), it is only necesary to report custom checks on one of the bridge transports, otherwise a custom check result will be reported multiple times to the same platform instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Each custom check is executed once, and the result is sent to each bridge transport configured to report custom checks. When configured to [Bridge platform queues](#bridging-platform-queues), it is only necessary to report custom checks on one of the bridge transports. Otherwise, a custom check result will be reported multiple times to the same platform instance.
```
